erlcount:start/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount.erl: 5,1-6,30
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount:stop/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount.erl: 8,1-9,7
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_sup:start_link/0   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_sup.erl: 10,1-11,39
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_counter:start_link/4   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_counter.erl: 9,1-10,78
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_counter:init/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_counter.erl: 15,1-20,29
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_counter:handle_call/3   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_counter.erl: 23,1-24,21
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_counter:handle_cast/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_counter.erl: 26,1-27,21
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_counter:handle_info/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_counter.erl: 31,1-35,22
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_counter:terminate/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_counter.erl: 39,1-40,7
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_counter:code_change/3   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_counter.erl: 43,1-44,16
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
gen_server:start_link/3
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlang:self/0
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
file:read_file/1
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlcount_lib:regex_count/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_lib.erl: 9,1-13,8
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:complete/4   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 14,1-15,69
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:start_link/0   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 11,1-12,40
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:init/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 19,1-32,8
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:dispatching/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 34,1-47,26
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:listening/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 49,1-53,34
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:handle_event/3   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 55,1-64,8
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:handle_sync_event/4   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 66,1-68,30
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:handle_info/3   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 70,1-72,30
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:terminate/3   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 74,1-75,7
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_dispatch:code_change/4   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 77,1-78,22
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
gen_fsm:start_link/3
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
gen_fsm:send_all_state_event/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
application:get_env/1
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
ppool:start_pool/3
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
lists:all/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlcount_dispatch:valid_regex/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_dispatch.erl: 81,1-86,8
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlang:make_ref/0
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
ppool:async_queue/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
lists:foldl/3
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
gen_fsm:send_event/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
io:format/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
lists:keyfind/3
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
lists:keyreplace/4
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlcount_lib:find_erl/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_lib.erl: 6,1-7,37
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
re:run/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlcount_lib:find_erl/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_lib.erl: 17,1-23,8
    is_tail_recursive = tail_rec
queue:new/0
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
re:run/3
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlang:length/1
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
file:read_file_info/1
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlcount_lib:handle_directory/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_lib.erl: 26,1-32,8
    is_tail_recursive = tail_rec
erlcount_lib:handle_regular_file/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_lib.erl: 35,1-41,8
    is_tail_recursive = tail_rec
erlcount_lib:dequeue_and_run/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_lib.erl: 44,1-48,8
    is_tail_recursive = tail_rec
file:list_dir/1
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlcount_lib:enqueue_many/3   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_lib.erl: 51,1-53,33
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
filename:extension/1
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
queue:out/1
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
queue:in/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
filename:join/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlcount_lib:unused_func/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_lib.erl: 54,1-55,36
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlang:throw/1
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
lists:foreach/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
supervisor:start_link/2
    is_tail_recursive = unknown
erlcount_sup:init/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_sup.erl: 14,1-24,32
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_sup:minus2/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_sup.erl: 28,1-29,8
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
erlcount_sup:add/2   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/erlcount_sup.erl: 32,1-33,15
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_0/0   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 22,1-24,26
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_1/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 26,1-27,28
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:mcCabeIssue/0   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 4,1-20,8
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_2/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 29,1-30,28
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_3/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 32,1-33,28
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_4/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 35,1-36,28
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_5/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 38,1-39,28
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_6/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 41,1-42,28
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_7/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 44,1-45,28
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_8/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 47,1-48,28
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_9/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 50,1-51,29
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_10/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 53,1-54,29
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
refactorerl_issues:maxDepthOfCalling_11/1   /home/tkende/dev1/spil-workspace/sonar-erlang-plugin/src/test/resources/org/sonar/plugins/erlang/erlcount/src/refactorerl_issues.erl: 56,1-57,7
    is_tail_recursive = non_rec
